c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\bin\Debug\Salameh.exe.config
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\bin\Debug\Salameh.exe
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\bin\Debug\Salameh.pdb
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\bin\Debug\theme.dll
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.exe
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.pdb
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.pdb
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.pdb
c:\users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.Main.resources
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.Login.resources
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.insert.resources
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.del.resources
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.Form2.resources
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.Form3.resources
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.update.resources
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.Form4.resources
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.Form5.resources
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.Form6.resources
C:\Users\علي\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Salameh\Salameh\obj\Debug\Salameh.Print.resources
